brought you in today? Sure, I'm just having a lot of chest pain and so I thought I should get it
checked out. Okay, and before we start, could you remind me of your gender and age? Sure, 39, I'm a male.
Okay, and so when did this chest pain start? It started last night, but it's becoming sharper.
Okay, and where is this pain located? It's located on the left side of my chest. Okay,
and so how long has it been going on for than if it started last night? So I guess it would be a
couple hours now, maybe like eight. Okay, has it been constant throughout that time or changing?
I would say it's been pretty constant, yeah. Okay, and how would you describe the pain? People
will use words sometimes like sharp, burning, achy. I'd say it's pretty sharp, yeah. Sharp,
okay. Anything that you have tried since last night that's made the pain better?
Not laying down helps. Okay, so do you find laying down makes the pain worse? Yes, definitely. Okay,
do you find that the pain is radiating anywhere? No. Okay, and is there anything else that makes
the pain worse besides laying down? Not that I've noticed, no. Okay, so not like taking a
deep breath or anything like that? Maybe taking a deep breath, yeah. Okay, and when the pain
started, could you think of anything that you were doing at the time? I mean,
I was moving some furniture around, but I've done that before. Okay, so you didn't feel like
you hurt yourself when you were doing that? No. Okay, and in regards to how severe the pain is
on a scale of one to ten, ten being the worst pain you've ever felt, how severe would you say
the pain is? I'd say it's like a seven or eight. It's pretty bad. Okay, and with the pain, do you
have any other associated symptoms? I feel a little lightheaded and I'm having some trouble
breathing. Okay, have you had any loss of consciousness? No. Okay, have you been experiencing
any like racing of the heart? A little bit, yeah. Okay, and have you been sweaty at all?
Just from having issues breathing. Okay, have you been having issues breathing since the pain
started? Yes. Okay, and recently have you had any periods of time where you like have been
immobilized or you haven't been like able to move around a lot? No, no. Okay, and have you been
feeling sick at all? Any infectious symptoms? No. Okay, have you had any nausea or vomiting? No.
Any fevers or chills? No. Okay, how about any abdominal pain? No. Any urinary problems? No.
Or bowel problems? Okay, have you had a cough? No. Okay, you haven't brought up any blood? No.
Okay, have you had a wheeze with your difficulty breathing? No, not that I've heard. Okay, any
changes to the like breath sounds at all? Like any noisy breathing? No, well I guess if when I'm
really having trouble breathing, yeah. Okay, has anything like this ever happened to you before?
No. No, okay, and have you have you had any night sweats? No. All right, and then how about any
rashes or skin changes? No rashes, but I guess like my neck seems to be a little swollen. Okay, do you
have any neck pain? No. Okay, have you had any like accidents like a car accident or anything
where you really jerked your neck? No. Okay, any trauma at all to the chest or back? No, no. Okay,
so just in regards to past medical history, do you have any prior medical conditions? No. Okay,
any recent hospitalizations? No. Okay, any prior surgeries? No. Okay, do you take any medications
regularly? Are they prescribed or over-the-counter? No. All right, how about any allergies to
medications? None. All right, any immunizations or are they up to date? They're all up to date.
Excellent. All right, and could you tell me a little bit about your living situation currently?
Sure, I live in an apartment by myself. Yep, that's about it. Okay, and how do you support
yourself financially? I'm an accountant. Okay, sounds like a pretty stressful job or that it can
be. Do you smoke cigarettes? I do. Okay, and how much do you smoke? I smoke about a pack a day. Okay,
how long have you been smoking for? For the past 10 to 15 years. Okay, and do you smoke cannabis?
Sometimes. How much marijuana would you smoke per week? Per week? Maybe about five milligrams,
not that much. Okay, and do you use any other recreational drugs like cocaine, crystal meth,
opioids? No. Okay, have you used IV drugs before? No. Okay, and do you drink alcohol? I do. Okay,
how much alcohol do you drink each week? About, I'd say I'd have like one or two drinks a day,
so about 10 drinks a week. Okay, and then briefly, could you tell me a little bit about
your diet and exercise? Sure, I try to eat healthy for dinner at least, but most of my lunches I eat
out, and then in terms of exercise, I try to exercise every other day. I run for about half an
hour. Okay, that's great that you've been working on the activity and the diet as well. So has
anything like this happened in your family before? No. Okay, has anybody in the family had a heart
attack before? Actually, yes, my father had a heart attack when he was 45. Okay, and anybody
in the family have cholesterol problems? I think my father did. I see, okay, and how about anybody
in the family have stroke? No strokes. Okay, and then any cancers in the family? No. Okay,
was there anything else that you wanted to tell me about today on history?
No, I don't think so. I think you asked me everything.
